https://codepen.io/javierumanafs/pen/MWYBpzo?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that provides information to machine and humans.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Used to create pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Modifer that adds functionality. Added to an html start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Used to define heading 1. Should not be used more than once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href and src.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata that provides information.
    7. What is an id? 
    Attribute used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    html elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Once. 
    10. What is a class? 
    CSS selector used to perform tasks.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    It can be used multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Anchor links with target attributes.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    To provide a description.
    15. How do I reference an id?
     #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section has content grouped inside. Div tags define division in HTML.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS desribes how html elements are displayed on screen.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Element followed by brackets. Ex: h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID may be used to link to sections Ex: #'s can link to areas within the page.
    Classes may be used to provide colors,fonts,layouts, etc.. to one or multiple elements within the page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
     A period followed by the class name will select a class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
     p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selector that selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Would be useful if you can't target a specific child element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    Give the parent div the class sidebar. Ex: div class="sidebar"
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Its a selector that targets elements in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
     line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{ border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{} universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* ---comment here--- */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    $ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    $ ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    $ rm <file>. It will not give any warning nor will it send removed item to recyle bin/trash.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because it allows documents to undergo a lot of revision and redrafting.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Whenever you finish a step.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
     git push -u origin <your file>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, add collab, clone

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements do not force a new line to begin. Block elements usually cause a line break. Can't put a block element inside inline elements.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Element is taken out of the flow. Therefore, other elements are positioned as if it did not exist.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Make it an inline-block element.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Display block default = P, headers, div 
    Display inline default = span, input
    Display inline-block default = img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    Box model is how HTML elements are modeled in browsers. 